you
you do this with your real the
waterworks Lampson velocity with the
sealed clinical drag system
hi I'm Brooks Montgomery manufacturer's
rep for waterworks Lance and run the
dela stone River today with our friends
from the river's edge and we're
demonstrating the new hard alex reels
from waterworks lamps and all of the
reels have sealed conical drags which
make them impervious to freshwater
saltwater mud sand and cool off here
it's held on with overhangs which
reveals the drag cassette which has a
Dell rim cone and a stainless steel
clutch bearing here's a close-up view of
the velocity reel opened up the spool
pops off we'd be much cassette and
Travis will show you a close-up version
of a cutaway of the drag system here
this is a cutaway example of the
waterworks lamps in co-clinical drag
system and see how the dill rain cone
flies it down in the anodized aluminum
tubing there's a seal cap that comes off
stainless steel clutch and the Delrin
come very few parts the least amount of
parts of any drag reel destroyed reel on
the market and that's why you can bury
it in mud and sand and efficiently
you